NCRC Application and HPC End User Documentation Improvements (#22922)
idaholab/moose: modules/doc/content/ncrc/applications/ncrc_root_relap7.md

## RELAP-7

- [Documentation](https://relap7-docs.hpcondemand.inl.gov/)
- [Build Status](https://civet.inl.gov/repo/852/)
- [Level 1 - HPC OnDemand Execution](ncrc/applications/ncrc_ondemand_relap7.md)
- [Level 1 - HPC Binary Execution](ncrc/applications/ncrc_hpc_relap7.md)
- [Level 2 - Local Binary Installation](ncrc/applications/ncrc_conda_relap7.md)
- [Level 4 - Source Access](ncrc/applications/ncrc_develop_relap7.md)

!row!
!col small=12 medium=8 large=8

> RELAP-7 is a two-phase thermal systems code based on MOOSE's thermal hydraulics module. RELAP-7 provides two-phase components suitable for LWRs provides closures for two-phase water from TRACE.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
RELAP-7 is a two-phase thermal systems code based on the MOOSE thermal hydraulics module. RELAP-7 provides two-phase components suitable for LWRs provides closures for two-phase water from TRACE.
```
